# **Project description**



You will find multiple basic STM32CubeIDE projects using the NUCLEO-F401RE board controls:



* LED Blinking.
* LED flashing with push button.
* Toggle LED with push button.



You will find in each project folder the description of the project and the main points of the program.



!\[STM32 Board](Images/stm32f401re\_board.png)



# **Hardware used**



1x STM32 Nucleo-64 development board with STM32F401RE MCU.

1x USB 2.0 A Male to USB 2.0 Mini B Male Down Angled, 3FT length, 480Mbps.

1x PC Windows 11.

##### 

# **Tools Used**



* STM32CubeIDE 1.19.0
* STM32CubeMX (integrated)
* ARM-GCC (included)
* Git Bash + GitHub



# **Getting Started(Project Setup From Scratch)**



* Create a new project and select STM32F401RET6 in the MCU/MPU filter search.
* Clear Pinout to begin the project from scratch then click on Device configuration Tool Code Generation to generate all of the necessary code configuration.
* You will find a code template, delete all the files in Core > Src except system\_stm32f4xx.c, and delete also all the files in Core > Inc except stm32f4xx\_hal\_conf.h because the files deleted are all generated before clearing the configuration.
* Create a new blank Header file in Core > Inc, main.h, and include the main header file needed.
* Create a new blank source file in Core > Src, main.c, and include the main header file.



# **Build \& Run (STM32CubeIDE)**



After writing the whole program in STM32CubeIDE :



* Make sure to build the project without invoking the Device Configuration Tool code regeneration. To do that, go to Window > Préférences > STM32Cube >  Device Configuration Tool then uncheck everything and Apply to build the code you have written and avoid building a different program generated by the default configuration.

After a successfull build, run the program.

